Publish minutes of 2023-09-14 meeting (#453)
hober/web-extensions: _minutes/2023-09-14-wecg.md

The meeting will start at 3 minutes after the hour.

 * **Carry-over from previous meetings**
   * None
 * **TPAC 2023 Summary**
   * [2023-09-11 WECG TPAC meeting minutes](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/blob/main/_minutes/2023-09-11-wecg-tpac.md)
   * [2023-09-12 WECG TPAC meeting minutes](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/blob/main/_minutes/2023-09-12-wecg-tpac.md)
   * [WECG TPAC 2023 - Recap](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qyPCBe212kAj1YoQ90sV2dvFkUJ0FF9Na-fWAq0oqtg/edit)
   * [WECG TPAC 2023 - Spec breakout](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1q9hQgwTVvyujEhvr52ALeTtuYxyzFhQPfRwPg_hBXlI/edit#heading=h.yadngprgbjz2)
 * **Other new issues**
   * (many, but no time to discuss - moved to next meeting)
 * **Open discussion queue (add yourself at the bottom)**
   * None
 * **Check-in on ongoing issues**
   * None

## Attendees (sign yourself in)

 1. Tomislav Jovanovic (Mozilla)
 2. Rob Wu (Mozilla)
 3. Simeon Vincent (Unaffiliated)
 4. Kiara Rose (Apple)
 5. Timothy Hatcher (Apple)
 6. Rob Hudson (Apple)
 7. David Johnson (Apple)
 8. Jason Waterman (Mozilla)
 9. Patrick Kettner (Google Chrome)
 10. Sam Macbeth (DuckDuckGo)

>  11. Patrick Kettner (Google Chrome)

Reviewer: Patrick is here twice 😅

 * [simeon] Automated compatibility testing - strong interest, want to use Web Platform Tests as building block. Some security concerns with making it possible to dynamically load extensions at runtime. May need to make some changes to accommodate this. Patrick volunteered for initial implementation of MVP test harness.
 * [simeon] Open Web API integration - Some participants including Simeon interested in allowing extensions to extend web APIs e.g allowing extensions to set userVisibleOnly to false in push notifications. Allows us to avoid collisions and for web developers to reuse knowledge. Specs avoid specifying user agent so we should describe what the user agent might do and then leave it open who will be allowed to use these.
 * [simeon] Custom protocols - open discussion was used for discussion on registering custom protocol handlers and being able to serve content on these protocols. Two main ways to go forward: foreign fetch, or using APIs similar to Firefox's filterResponseData.

>  * [simeon]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [simeon] Would someone like to explain what we discussed around DNR?
```

>  * [oliver] discussion on what we might want to support in the future, the rule types that are not supported, and the “saferule” proposal from Chromium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * [oliver] discussion on what we might want to support in the future, the rule types that are not supported, and the safe rules proposal from Chromium.
```
